Release checklist updates post 3.1.107/2.1.517 (#1712)
dotnet/source-build: .github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/releases/release_checklist.md

-->
# {runtime-version} / {sdk-version}

> 1.  - [ ] Create a page at ".NET Core A&D" OneNote -> "Servicing" section -> "Post Mortem" -> "{Month} {YYYY}" to take ongoing notes on problems with the process, workarounds, and fixes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1.  - [ ] Create a page at ".NET Core A&D" OneNote -> "Servicing" section -> "Retrospective" -> "{Month} {YYYY}" to take ongoing notes on problems with the process, workarounds, and fixes.
```

Post mortem isn't wrong but might have some implications. (In my mind I link it to "something went wrong" but I don't think that has to be the case.) Let's rename the section to the term we've actually been using.

      - [3.1]
        - [ ] Verify that the `PrivateSourceBuiltArtifactsPackageVersion` in `eng/Versions.props` matches N-1 release artifacts.
        - [ ] Update the `global.json` SDK version to N-1: the latest released "3.1.XYY" SDK version, where "3.1.X" matches the SDK we're building.
1.  - [ ] [2.1] Fetch internal git data for submodules.
      1.  Run `git submodule update --init --recursive` and see errors due to missing commits.
      1.  Run `fetch-vsts-commits.sh` with a PAT to automatically fetch internal refs.
      1.  Run `git submodule update --init --recursive` again to update failed submodules.

>           * If some refs are still missing on unusual repos, those repos may need to be set up in `fetch-vsts-commits.sh`.

Reviewer: Maybe we should add a comment to `fetch-vsts-commits.sh` mentioning that there's no reason to "clean up" the list, in case that possibility occurs to someone again in the future?

1.  - [ ] Complete manual validation steps
      - [ ] Ask for confirmation on poison report.
        - Confirm with team how to check this for a specific build/release.
      - [ ] [3.1] Verify the packs included in the SDK are from source-build-reference-packages, not source-build.
        - E.g. in `testing-smoke/builtCli`, run `find . -iname System.IO.Pipelines.dll -exec sha256sum {} \; | sort` and look at file origin based on checksum of the file in the SDK.

>       - [ ] Verify the packs included in the SDK have XML documentation comments. Presence of XML files in the SDK dir is adequate.  Issue tracking automation of this: [#1579](https://github.com/dotnet/source-build/issues/1579)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      - [ ] [3.1] Verify the packs included in the SDK have XML documentation comments. Presence of XML files in the SDK dir is adequate.  Issue tracking automation of this: [#1579](https://github.com/dotnet/source-build/issues/1579)
```

Packs only exist in 3.0+
